
List of Prohibited Games

Games are restricted from broadcast based on two criteria:

    The official ESRB rating is Adults Only*
    The game violates our Community Guidelines as it applies to hate speech, sex, nudity, gratuitous gore, or extreme violence.

* Alternate versions of Adults Only titles with an ESRB rating of Mature or lower are permitted, including Mature versions of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas and Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy.

Game reviews are conducted following reports from the community. If the game is unrated by the ESRB and a wholly-comparable rated title cannot be found, the moderation team determines whether the game violates our Community Guidelines. Titles may be restricted if they are sufficiently extreme by a single element of the game (e.g. sexual content, violence, intent) or several elements in aggregate violate our policies.

User accounts broadcasting or uploading content that feature gameplay from these titles can be reported via the user report tool under the option Prohibited Game (How to File a User Report). Reported users may receive a strike and a temporary account suspension. In order to discourage sharing this content, all titles on the list are removed from the game selector found on the broadcaster dashboard. Using the mature content flag, setting the broadcast or VOD to one of these titles, a different title, or ‘Not Playing’ does not constitute an exemption from this policy.
Prohibited Games
Prohibited Games without an Adults-Only rating

    3DXChat
    All Randomized Video Chat Platforms
    Artificial Girl 1, 2, & 3
    Artificial Academy 1 & 2
    Battle Rape
    BMX XXX
    Cobra Club
    Criminal Girls
    Cuckold Simulator
    Dramatical Murder
    Ethnic Cleansing
    Genital Jousting
    Grezzo 1 & 2
    Harem Party
    House Party
    HunieCam Studio
    HuniePop 1 & 2
    Kamidori Alchemy Meister
    Negligee
    Porno Studio Tycoon
    Purin to Ohuro

    Purin to Ohuro
    Purino Party
    Radiator 2
    RapeLay
    Rinse and Repeat
    Sakura Angels
    Sakura Beach 1 & 2
    Sakura Dungeon
    Sakura Fantasy
    Sakura Santa
    Sakura Spirit
    Sakura Swim Club
    Second Life
    Suck My Dick or Die!
    The Guy Game
    The Maiden Rape Assault: Violent Semen Inferno
    What's under your blanket !?
    Witch Trainer
    Yandere Simulator

This nonexhaustive list is regularly updated and games may be added/removed in such situations where the status of the official ESRB rating changes or the content of an unrated game changes to bring it within our Community Guidelines. For more on gaming content restrictions, please read the Gaming Content section in our Community Guidelines.